Mr. George Bick,

My name is Vasileios Kalampakas, and as you might expect, I'm writing to you in the hope of becoming your client.

I'll be frank and straightforward to you: I haven't heard your name, know your work or your clients. I'm kind of shooting blindly here, trying to get my work accross any who might be interested. My first novel (and I do wish to write many more) is entitled Forge of Stones. Before I go into some length concerning the details of the plot, I should stress that I have already self published it, with little (if not miniscule) success.

Though it has only been available for less than two months, I've found the lack of exposure and the difficulty to market it by myself quite disheartening. Thus, I came to realise that the realities of publishing demand an agent who can evaluate a book properly, and find a suitable publisher (and editor) in order for everyone involved to have a chance at success.

As I mentioned earlier, I have no knowledge of your work but I believe you will devote some time and good will to hear me out.

Forge of Stones is a strange mix of fantasy and science fiction. It comes across as a hard fantasy novel where science fiction elements slowly creep in.

A theocratic regime holds reign over the world, a regime that stifles technological progress and oppresses the people. Nevertheless, the seeds of a rebellion have been sown. A Curator's apprentice (member of a society that is tasked with the preservation and study of ancient artifacts, filling in the role of scientists) barely escapes with his life when his master is assasinated. With him, he carries a keystone, an artifact of great importance, and sets out to carry out his master's life-long project, which is to uncover the true meaning of the keystones and the artifacts that hint to an earlier civilization of great technological prowess.

The apprentice, Hilderich D'Augnacy, after his master's demise by right a Curator himself, travels to the capital, the City of Pyr, where he is practically kidnapped by a member of the rebel underground, Amonas Ptolemy. Trying to convince Hilderich of the noble intentions of the rebellion's cause, Amonas tries to demonstrate that the regime is withholding and actually using forbidden technology, inadvertently and instantly transporting the both of them to a seemingly completely different world, with no immediate way of getting back.

At the same time, a strange sort of pilgrim from the north sets out on a journey to the Land of God, to complete a Pilgrimage that is critical to his people's survival. During that journey, he meets with an unlikely adventurer with the same destination, but a different agenda: Thessurdijad Molo. Slowly, they will help each other better understand their true purpose in that pilgrimage, and bond in a way none of them would have thought possible. Not only that, but more and more of the truth underlying the real workings of their world is uncovered with each step in the Land of God.

While Amonas and Hilderich struggle to survive in the world they have been cast away, Amonas' wife, Celia, learns of her husband's disappearance and fears for the future of their unborn child. The situation in the Outer Territories and the City of Pyr escalates with dramatic speed: Mere days after the Castigator, the supreme ruler, announces a final campaign to annex the Widelands (the desert area that the Pilgrim calls the Land of God), the political situation is suddenly overturned: The Patriarch, supreme religious leader, with an agenda of his own, provokes a civil war. The Army, headed by General Tyrpledge instead of marching in the Land of God, lays siege on the City of Pyr.

Celia seeks out the rebels who are in disarray: their patron and leader, the Noble Representative Ursempyre Remis is forced to play the role the Patriarch has appointed for him in his plans. Fearing a pointless slaughter and hopeless bloodletting, Lord Ursempyre Remis accepts the role of new Castigator, and while doing so learns more and more about the enigmatic Patriarch who seems to utilise powers that defy logic: teleportation, manipulation of energy and matter, transformation. The Patriarch is revealed to be more than a mere man.

While the different subplots converge to a critical time, the siege of the city of Pyr, Amonas and Hilderich have found a desperate way to return home, and in the process discover that there are powers at work in their world beyond their full grasp and understanding. They uncover the secret that their world is a megaconstruct, a shellworld: a sphere built around a star. The strange world where they had been transported was in fact the inner shell of that sphere. Not only that, but an artificial intelligence is in control of various aspects of the world that keep it together, and keep it running.

In those moments of revelation, Amonas is struck by what seems to be a disease of the mind, losing his mental faculties and turning into a helpless, uncommunicative mass of breathing flesh. In his efforts to help him, Hilderich asks for the assistance of the AI that effectively keeps the massive shellworld from breaking apart. Those efforts will lead to more revelations, since the world is supposedly a huge game board, where a sinister game of epic proportions is taking place, with the whole population as unwilling pawns.

What is worse though, is the fact that the Patriarch is one of the two players fighting for victory, and the convoluted rules have forced his hands: Amonas' sudden paralysis of the mind is proven to be a design of the Patriarch, and Amonas his willing (though under deep hypnosis and cover, unknown) operative and accomplice. The Patriarch's true form is revealed, and he downloads his own personality into the body of Amonas, at the same time wresting control of the world, all in an effort to finally win his opponent, who had been exploiting the rules for millenia, forcing a series of consecutive draws, resetting the game over and over.

The Pilgrim finally arrives at the heart of the Land of God having mourned the death of his newly found brother in God, Thessurdijad Molo, who is revealed to be a genetic twin of Hilderich: both of them, the creations of the Patriarch, parts of his plan to acquire control of the game. When the Pilgrim kills the physical body of the Patriarch, the world around them starts to crumble, and he himself lays dying, content with his life for he believed he had killed  his God's (the other opponent, the Waking Man) eternal adversary. Celia, with her newborn child is saved at the last minute by that same man who had posed as God and who had foiled the Patriarch's plans for millenia, whisking her away in his own escape pod, launching her into space.

In the end, the world collapses and Hilderich and the AI that calls itself Ron, escape in one of the space yachts Ron had been assembling as a past time, rescuing Celia in the escape pod. With the realisation that his world was a sinister gaming resort, and that other like it abunded throughout the galaxy, Hilderich decides to set out on a journey to stop something similar from ever happening again, as well as finding out the true origins and purpose of the shellworlds, whose builders seem to have been long extinct. Their first destination, seems to be the Solar system..
